README.md, before:

CorsairKeyboardSpectrograph
===========================

Spectrograph audio visualizer for Corsair K70 RGB keyboard for Windows and Linux


See these Reddit threads for more information about Corsair K70 USB protocol decoding:

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2ij2um/corsair_k70_rgb_usb_protocol_reverse_engineering/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2imkdx/corsair_k70_rgb_music_visualizer_in_linux/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2iwv1i/my_k70_rgb_and_my_rgb_case_fans_rgb_battlestation/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2ipync/corsair_k70_rgb_usb_protocol_reverse_engineering/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2j6j1w/corsair_k70_rgb_linux_music_visualizer_2/

What is it
----------

This is a simple audio input visualization that uses the K70 LEDs as a "bar graph" of sorts for the audio spectrum.  It also continuously cycles through a dim rainbow pattern as the background for this visualization.  Audio comes from the default input device, so if you want to use it to visualize the output audio you must use some form of a loopback device.  In Linux you can use PulseAudio's monitor inputs to get a digital loopback while in Windows many audio chipsets have an internal "Stereo Mix" or similar loopback.  Failing that, there are programs like Virtual Audio Cable that can do a softare loopback in Windows.

Dependencies
------------

- libusb-0.1 (libusb-win32) - This library is used for communicating with the keyboard USB interface to send the LED commands.  On Windows you must install the libusb filter driver for endpoint 3 of the keyboard while on Linux you must add a udev rule for it or run the program as root.

- libSDL - This library is used for drawing the on-screen spectrum and waveform graph.  This is mostly for development/debugging purposes

- libSDL_gfx - This library provides drawing routines to use with SDL, used for drawing lines and bars


- OpenAL - This library provides the audio input for the program.

Compiling
---------

I made the project in Code::Blocks and included my .cbp project file.  In Linux you just need to install the requisite dependencies from your package manager and it should work.  In Windows, download the libraries and extract to C:\libraries\, you may need to edit the paths in the Code::Blocks project to reflect the names of your libraries directory if you're building with different versions of the libraries than I used.

Commit message:

added description of changes to readme.md

README.md, after:

CorsairKeyboardSpectrograph
===========================

Spectrograph audio visualizer for Corsair K65 RGB keyboard for Windows and Linux


See these Reddit threads for more information about Corsair K70 USB protocol decoding:

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2ij2um/corsair_k70_rgb_usb_protocol_reverse_engineering/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2imkdx/corsair_k70_rgb_music_visualizer_in_linux/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2iwv1i/my_k70_rgb_and_my_rgb_case_fans_rgb_battlestation/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2ipync/corsair_k70_rgb_usb_protocol_reverse_engineering/

http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/2j6j1w/corsair_k70_rgb_linux_music_visualizer_2/

What is it
----------

This is a simple audio input visualization that uses the K70 LEDs as a "bar graph" of sorts for the audio spectrum.  It also continuously cycles through a dim rainbow pattern as the background for this visualization.  Audio comes from the default input device, so if you want to use it to visualize the output audio you must use some form of a loopback device.  In Linux you can use PulseAudio's monitor inputs to get a digital loopback while in Windows many audio chipsets have an internal "Stereo Mix" or similar loopback.  Failing that, there are programs like Virtual Audio Cable that can do a softare loopback in Windows.

Dependencies
------------

- libusb-0.1 (libusb-win32) - This library is used for communicating with the keyboard USB interface to send the LED commands.  On Windows you must install the libusb filter driver for endpoint 3 of the keyboard while on Linux you must add a udev rule for it or run the program as root.

- libSDL - This library is used for drawing the on-screen spectrum and waveform graph.  This is mostly for development/debugging purposes

- libSDL_gfx - This library provides drawing routines to use with SDL, used for drawing lines and bars


- OpenAL - This library provides the audio input for the program.

Compiling
---------

I made the project in Code::Blocks and included my .cbp project file.  In Linux you just need to install the requisite dependencies from your package manager and it should work.  In Windows, download the libraries and extract to C:\libraries\, you may need to edit the paths in the Code::Blocks project to reflect the names of your libraries directory if you're building with different versions of the libraries than I used.

I made some changes to this to get it working on my system. USB detach kernel driver is uncommented. The product id has been changed to work with the k65. The top keys (volume etc) now work well with the wave animation. Also, I have added the following settings variables:

Speed: Change the speed of animation
red_min_bright: minimum brightness of red
red_max_bright: maximum brightness of red
(same for green and blue)
arrows: light arrows white
wasd: light wasd white
moba: enable moba mode which helps for playing dota 2
